Clarify the purpose of attachment's 'id' in delivery message of messagepickup (#93)
decentralized-identity/didcomm.org: site/content/protocols/pickup/3.0/readme.md

    }]
}
```
Messages delivered from the queue must be delivered in a batch delivery message as attachments, with a batch size specified by the `limit` provided in the `delivery-request` message.
The `id` of each attachment is used to confirm receipt.

> The `id` is an opaque value, and the `recipient` should not infer anything from the value. Other that is unique for the mediator for the purpose of used in the `message_id_list` field of`messages-received`.

Author: What about?
```suggestion
The id is an opaque value, and the recipient should not deduce any information from it, except that it's unique to the mediator for use in the `message_id_list` field of `messages-received`.
```

Author: cc @TelegramSam

Reviewer: suggest to change `it's` to `it is`
